feat(tree): adds a `changed` event on `TreeBranchEvents` (#22977)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/stinky-cars-fart.md

---
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
---
---
"section": tree
---

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a concise description of the change? Examples can be found in #22965

> Added a new `changed` event to the (currently alpha) `TreeBranchEvents` that is meant to replace the `commitApplied` event on `TreeViewEvents`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new `changed` event to the (currently alpha) `TreeBranchEvents` that replaces the `commitApplied` event on `TreeViewEvents`.
```
